README.md, before:

## App Description

Shadow is an AI-powered training app designed to help sales reps improve their communication and performance. The app allows users to record pitches, receive AI-generated feedback, and review detailed performance insights. 

---

##  HIG Implementation

Each screen uses a clear hierarchy, logical grouping, and familiar navigation patterns to help users understand the app’s flow without needing instructions. Buttons and controls use rounded corners, consistent padding, and high-contrast colors to indicate interactivity while maintaining accessibility and readability. The theming emphasizes simplicity and legibility, ensuring that important information stands out without clutter or distraction.

Feedback and motion were also implemented following HIG principles. Button presses and toggles provide visual responses to confirm interaction, and modals slide naturally into view. The bottom tab navigation mimics native iOS apps, making it easy for users to move between the Record, Insights, Training, and Settings screens. Overall, Shadow applies HIG concepts to deliver a focused, comfortable, and professional interface that feels native on all platforms.

---

## Wireframe using Figma
# Record Page
<img width="380" height="763" alt="RECORD_WIRE" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/115ffef4-b57a-4ab3-b6a3-2736e3c25ad7" />

# Insights Page
<img width="386" height="769" alt="INSIGHTS_WIRE" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/805d94e3-72b7-43c0-9f12-9f2b672d5d23" />

# Chat Page
<img width="397" height="776" alt="CHAT_WIRE" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/02029332-0c2c-46b3-b65b-6f11bb7fe152" />

# Settings Page
<img width="389" height="764" alt="SETTINGS_WIRE" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/57159563-ffed-475d-883c-c2586ffd128c" />

Commit message:

Updated HIG implementation
Expanded the HIG Implementation section to include details on button interactions, icon usage, and user feedback mechanisms, enhancing clarity on the app's design principles.

README.md, after:

## App Description

Shadow is an AI-powered training app designed to help sales reps improve their communication and performance. The app allows users to record pitches, receive AI-generated feedback, and review detailed performance insights. 

---

## HIG Implementation

Each screen uses a clear hierarchy, logical grouping, and familiar navigation patterns to help users understand the app’s flow without needing instructions. The bottom tab navigation follows the native iOS layout, giving users quick access to the Record, Insights, Training, Chat, and Settings screens familiarly and predictably. The app’s color theme provides a strong contrast between the background and text.

In Shadow, the large circular **Record** button on the Home screen uses a bold accent color and a microphone icon to instantly convey that it starts a new recording. Similarly, the **Save** and **Delete** buttons in the Recording Review modal are labeled with strong, high-contrast text to ensure users understand the outcome of each action before tapping. Icons throughout the app follow HIG’s guidance to use universally recognizable symbols, such as a **gear** for Settings, a **stats chart** for Insights, and a **chat bubble** for the Chat tab. These icons help users quickly understand navigation without needing to read every label.

When a user begins recording, the Record button expands and pulses to confirm that recording is active. Pressable elements provide subtle opacity changes when tapped, offering immediate visual feedback that an interaction was registered. The **Review Recording** modal slides smoothly up from the bottom of the screen, maintaining a sense of spatial continuity consistent with native iOS transitions. When system permissions—such as microphone or location access—are denied, the app presents a native **Alert dialog** that clearly explains the issue and offers an “Open Settings” option. Additionally, the combination of consistent icons, well-communicated actions, appropriate motion, and native feedback patterns ensures that the app not only looks polished but also behaves in a way users naturally expect from high-quality iOS applications.


---

## Wireframe using Figma
# Record Page
<img width="380" height="763" alt="RECORD_WIRE" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/115ffef4-b57a-4ab3-b6a3-2736e3c25ad7" />

# Insights Page
<img width="386" height="769" alt="INSIGHTS_WIRE" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/805d94e3-72b7-43c0-9f12-9f2b672d5d23" />

# Chat Page
<img width="397" height="776" alt="CHAT_WIRE" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/02029332-0c2c-46b3-b65b-6f11bb7fe152" />

# Settings Page
<img width="389" height="764" alt="SETTINGS_WIRE" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/57159563-ffed-475d-883c-c2586ffd128c" />
